What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it? 
When you initialize a repository, you are making a new repository for git. You need to initialize it because it will not create itsself.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is different from the working directory because you can add files from the working directory. It is where you bundle the files, and then these files are added to the repository. The value it offers is that you get to choose what you want to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can use the staging area to add only one change at a time. This means that when you commit you will only commit the changes you added to the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized because you can make different versions and have different saves. This helps you make one for a different language or experimental code. Branches help creat different versions without affecting the master version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams help me visuallize the branch structure because I can see where the new branch is made and what commit it broke off of.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
the result of merging the two branches together results in one long combined branch. We represent the branch going off and then coming back.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
The pros of automatically merging files is that you can add stuff quickly. The problem is when one of the files is modified by the two different branches, the branches will not merge. The benefit then goes to manually merging files. The branches then can be modified. Manually merging is good when there are two different changes, but it takes longer.
